head chef Jan Wang is the queen of
Chinese dumplings I would say nine out
of ten customers order the dumplings
jion's authentic recipes are so
delicious that are amazing dumped in
selling their millions in a major
supermarket across Scotland where's your
tasty you'll know my forgotten goujian's
pork and coriander beg dump is with lamb
and aubergine strips be hit with my
diners for the dumplings Jian first mix
his minced pork vegetable oil soy sauce
sesame oil and a splash of water then
spring onion coriander and ginger don't
just eat it beautiful Jan mixes flour
and water needs and divides the dough
and rolls and flattens into disks
[Music]
she fills folds and boiled them next GM
peels and slices aubergine then deep
fries for 5 minutes until meltingly
tender then she adds ginger spring onion
coriander and soy sauce roughly chopped
garlic goes in last
Franchi guard to stop you
next she fries chopped lamb and cumin
seeds
fried lamb garlic aubergine and pork
dumplings pork and coriander dumplings
lamb with cumin seeds aubergine and
garlic sir